PAC-MAN:

Brief Description:

In this game the user controls the pac-man through a maze by eating all pac-dots. When he finishes all the dots he will be taken to the next level. But before proceeding to next level he should protect himself from the ghosts which try to kill the pac-man. Initially Pac-man will be provided with some life ,whenever he touches the ghost he looses the life and when he runs out of all the lives the game comes to an end. Besides this small pac dots there will be 4 larger dots at the corners of the maze. When pac-man eats this larger dots ,the ghosts become vulnerable and the speed of the ghosts reduces so that the pac-man can kill(attack) the ghost and move to the next level. 

The behavior of the Pac-man and ghost varies from the basic level to advanced.

-Maze
 The total game is bounded by the Maze(map).It contains Pac dots(small and large),enemies and a pac-man. It will be designed in such a way that the pac-man knows the direction to move further.

-The palyer :Pac-Man 
 Pac-man movements are totally controlled by the keyboard. This pac-man will be designed in such a way that it can show different behaviors when he eats small dots and larger dots.Initially he will be provided with some life and based on the level editor the life span changes.

-Ghost 
 Ghost brain will be designed for random motion.Initially the Ghost movements will be irregular and later it will be directed to kill the Pac-man. i.e, when ghost approaches Pac-man it will be navigated, like moving in the same direction in which pac-man is moving. No.of ghosts and power of the ghosts depends on the level.

-Food
 In the initial stages small and larger pac-dots will be provided. small dots will be designed in a way that score gets increased when pac-man eats and larger dots will be designed in a way that he will get a power to attack the ghosts when he eats. Cherries kind of stuff will be introduced in further levels.

     